The next morning...
Um...
What was that?
Was she... watching me sleep?
Probably.
Anyway, the rest of the day is rather uneventful, as is the next week.
You spend your catching up with your old friends, asking about their adventures since you've been away.
They similarly ask how you've been on your break from Beach City.
At the start of a new day, you decide to do something productive.
But what?
Today I will...
While Pearl is out trying to clean the beach front, you decide to be a good boy and keep things inside tidy for her.
You missed out on a lot of TV while you were gone, and it's time to catch up on your shows.
As if summoned by this bout of laziness, Amethyst shows up.
Hey [playerName], whats up!
You're a bit startled by her sudden appearance.
Oh hey.
I was just about to watch something.
Yeah?
She sits her big bottom down on the couch next to you, and you notice she's kind of close.
Amethyst has always been a bit wide at the hips, not that you're complaining.
You're gently squeezed between the arm rest of the couch and Amethyst's soft body.
What are we watching then?
You want to see how your favorite dark fantasy show ended.
Amethyst rolls her eyes which puts you off. This used to be your favorite show to watch together.
As it turns out, the final season was horrendous.
The writing really went downhill after it got passed the story of the books.
All your favorite characters are saying the dumbest things.
Amethyst is extremely bored the whole way through.
Oh man I love this show!
That little dude sure is funny.
You and Amethyst have a good time watching TV.
Something about this program catches your eye. It's a nature doc about the mating habits of certain beetles.
Out of politeness, Amethyst tries to pay attention, but the effort takes too much out of her.
She was already leaning on you a bit, and now she's dozed off.
Her thick thighs spread out onto the rest of the couch as she rests most her weight onto your arm.
Even something as a captivating a documentary can't keep you from looking downward at her sizable cleavage.
Well more than sizable, massive really.
You can't help but get more than a little turned on, trapped as you are.
You watch the program well past noon. Amethyst gets up to stretch and wonders off to find something else to sleep on.
After grabbing some lunch, you think about what to do in the latter half of the day.
You play your gamestation.
Playing a VN just to pretend to play videogames is kinda sad.
You end up putting the controller down and contemplate how you wasted your day.
This is Chapter 2's dialogue.
This is Chapter 3's dialogue.
This is Chapter 4's dialogue.
You spent most of the day watching TV and figure its time to do your share of the chores.
Right when the sun goes down, Amethyst suspiciously makes her presence known.
Hey tough guy.
Ah!
Geez, Amy, you scared me.
I know you were looking before.
You start to sweat.
Uh, what do you mean?
She looks around just like she always does when she doesn't want to get caught doing something
Don't be dumb, let's get into it
No really I don't know what you're-
...
Wow...
Yeah I knew you'd like these.
You know gems don't actually sleep right?
You were so obvious dude.
Her tits are so large for her size and you can see their obvious heft.
You raise a hand to caress her massive orbs.
They feel as firm as they look.
Yet still soft enough to be enjoyably malleable.
Flicking your thumb across her hard nipple elicits a moan from the shortstack gem.
Okay yeah you're real good at that.
Now let me show you what I can do.
Amethyst haphazardly pulls your pants off at the waist.
Her tits flop around recklessly as you're just able to get the zipper down.
With her prize finally in sight, Amethyst gets to work.
Your prick is quickly covered in saliva as Amethyst's tongue dutifully covers every inch it can.
Her movements are sloppy and quick.
You can tell she's just as impatient to get to the 'good' part as you are.
After a minute of tongue bathing, Amethyst lets up to admire her handiwork.
Hesitation isn't really her thing, but as she brings her pillowy lips close...
...the suspense of what's to come nearly overwhelms you.
Amethyst's breaths are soft and warm.
Before you can say anything and ruin the moment, she lowers her mouth onto your hard cock.
Her lips slowly push down toward your groin before languidly making their way back to the peak of your dick.
In spite of her earlier haste, she now sucks your dick with a intenful laziness.
Seeing her smile with a mouth full of dick makes your member twitch.
Amethyst moans, please at your reaction.
Slowly she goes, up and down, never needing to stop and take a breath.
Another quirk of being a gem.
'Slurp'
'slurp'
...
'slurp'
After what feels like a torturous amount of time, you can't hold yourself back.
Ah yeah, come on Amy!
You grab the back of her head with both hands.
It's time for you to set the pace.
She doesn't seem to mind anyway.
You quicken into a proper face fucking, her hair bouncing around your fingers.
From this angle you can see her impossible booth beneath her.
With the speed you've picked up, her ass is also jiggling slightly along with your movements.
Neither of you mind using Amethyst being used like this.
She started it, after all.
All too soon, the pressure builds in your loins and you're ready to let loose.
You're so caught in the moment you don't even bother to warn her.
You just start cumming in Amethyst's heavenly mouth.
She looks so pleased with herself as her relentless sucking doesn't stop.
In fact, she ratchets up the vacuum a noth, her cheeks hollowing out.
It seems she's determined to drain you for all your worth.
Just as you start to get weak in the knees, you empty the last shot of cum down Amethyst's waiting throat.
With your balls drained, you slump backward onto the couch.
As your eyes refocus, Amethyst shows you the product of your hard work.
'gulp!'
Amy that's gross.
Nah you love it, big guy.
With the night finishined and your lust sated, you drift off to sleep right in the living room.
A hippo gives cowgirl
This is Opal's scene.
You set in to cleaning up around the house, which mainly means cleaning up after yourself.
Laundry, sweeping, mopping.
As you're close to finishing, Pearl comes in from her patrol.
[playerName]!
You didn't have to go through all that trouble!
Ah well I had nothing to do today and wanted to return the favor.
You can see that she's struggling to look grateful.
It occurs to you she probably has nothing to do today now that you've finished the chores.
Oh well um, thank you [playerName].
That was very nice of you.
You go off and relax a bit after running errands all day.
That night...
Since you were busy all day and its been ages since you had any private time, you decide its high time to fap.
Right as you're getting familiar with yourself, you hear a creak at the door.
Oh I read about this. Since I'm free tonight, I can help you out with that.
Actually...
I have these for just this occasion!
…
You're kind of taken aback but you're not going to complain.
Why was she keeping those around, anyway?
Before you know it, you're sitting on your bed.
Pearl's slender fingers do what can be called a physical examination of your dick.
She's delicate but insistent as she caresses and squeezes different parts of you.
You almost wonder if she's taking measurements.
As you're stroked to full hardness, Pearl seems satisfied with her progress.
She then lathers her hands with with oil and lotion, making her hands glisten in the moonlight.
Okay
Here we go
Time to be a good host
You have to suppress a laugh hearing Pearl psych herself up for handjob.
Deciding not to put her off, you keep your composure.
She hesitates for a moment as her hands hover around your proud member.
One of her hands circles around the base of your dick.
The other focuses on spreading lubricant around the top of your head.
Her hands meet in the middle and vary their pressure as they glide around your prick.
Has she practiced this before?
She looks pretty cute, the way she's focused solely on your satisfaction.
Its like watching a dance, the way her fingers glide and rub everywhere they can, like graceful spiders.
She stops for a moment to rub the underside of your shaft with her thumb.
One moment she's rubbing in little circles.
The next, she's making a cage with her fingers and sliding them up and down.
Each sensation never lasts too long, as she teases you with different motions.
You begin to notice that you're letting out little gasps of pleasure.
Your hands grab at the bed sheets.
Pearl seems not to notice, her concentration never letting up.
Instead, she just strokes faster, probably sensing that you're getting close.
The unsubtle “shlicking” sounds of a dick being whipped to climax hit your ears.
Good thing Amethyst's room is in a different dimension.
Your head leans back on its own
Pearl, I'm... I'm close...
Oh yeah, {i}that{/i} part.
I would appreciate if you waited until I was out of the way [playerName].
I don't appreciate being covered in those fluids you humans are so fond of
Pearl's indifference about the whole situation is just the trigger to set you off.
You shoot a long rope of cum in her direction.
Her surprise at being caught mid-sentence foils any chance at it missing her.
Before she has a chance to recover, you're already letting loose multiple smaller spurts.
Her hands are absolutely covered in your semen, and a long trail of it hangs down from her porcelain face.
Uck, it's everywhere
Eh sorry, Pearl.
I guess you did too good of a job, huh?
You laugh nervously as Pearl gets up to leave.
She walks out of your room to clean herself up, but not before you spot a warm smile.
Sex in the missionary position for the sole purporse of recreation
This is the Epilogue.
Thank you for playing!
It's been a while, but after being away for too long you decide to visit your old friends.
You find yourself in your home town of Beach City, a shining shoreline town.
As you ponder the memories you've made, three colorful figures you approach you.
It can only be, of course...
The Crystal Gems!
[playerName]! Welcome back buddy, we totally missed you!
Yes! Even though we know you probably don't need us worrying about you, we're still happy to see you return home safe.
I wasn't worried.
Garnet!
Relax P, you know she's got the whole future thing covered.
...
I suppose you are right. [playerName] is capable of handling himself.
You know he is. Welcome back, [playerName].
Welcome back indeed!
You let out a joyful laugh, and the gems join in as well.
It is good to see them after such a long time, and they haven't changed one bit.
Garnet shows off her massive strength by lifting all your things above her head with one hand.
Come on then. No time to waste.
The strongest of the gems takes your things into the house, and the rest of you follow suit.
You get settled in quickly with four you helping along.
Oh good we're right on schedule.
No thanks to Amethyst...
Hey, I put away all the food.
Pearl rolls her eyes before putting on a smile as she turns to you.
Now then, before you settle in, we do have something to tell you.
[playerName]
I have to leave now. I know you just arrived but its an important mission. You know how it is.
She laughs warmly.
If only.
Don't worry [playerName]
I'll be back before you know it.
Pearl, can I have a moment with [playerName]?
Of course.
Come on Amethyst, we need to go find food for [playerName] to eat while he's here.
Oh right I forgot he needs to do that...
...
I'm glad you're home safe.
But this really is an important mission. Before I go I just wanted to tell you.
Behave yourself.
You're taken slightly aback by Garnet's directness.
Hardly out of character when it comes to her, yet you're still a bit uneased.
Sensing this, Garnet pulls you close into a powerful hug.
And don't be too serious. You're here to have fun too, remember?
You smile back as the tension diffuses, and return her embrace.
And that goes for the rest of you.
I want to see [playerName] in one piece when I get back, is that clear?
You got it, boss.
I will make sure of it, no doubt about that.
Excellent. Goodbye everyone.
Garnet makes a salute gesture with two fingers before stepping onto the warp pad.
Without hesitation she looks up and...
She's gone! To parts unknown, leaving you with the other two Crystal Gems.
They help you get settled in and reacquainted with the old beach house.
It definitely feels good to be back home.
Welcome to our digital adventure!
We're sure you'll have a wonderful time, but first we need to ask some questions.
Firstly, we'll need your name!
Suit yourself! Here we go...
That's all the content for now!
But maybe you can get a different ending.
Make sure to check out the patreon link in the main menu.
We look forward to seeing you next time!
